_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: ""
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---
Greetings..!

<div style="text-align: justify"> 

This is Md. Ahsanul Bari (Romi). I am pursuing an M.Sc. in <a href="https://tu-dresden.de/ing/informatik/studium/studienangebot/master-studiengaenge/distributed-systems-engineering"> Distributed System Engineering</a> at <a href="https://tu-dresden.de/">Technische Universität Dresden</a> at the moment.<br /> 

Additionally employed as a Student Assistent-Web Development at <a href="https://www.mgt.tum.de/">School of Management</a>, <a href="https://www.tum.de/">Technical University of Munich</a>. <br />  
<br />
After completing B.Sc., I served the IT Development Division of <a href="https://www.dutchbanglabank.com/"> Dutch Bangla bank Ltd</a> as a Software Developer from February 2020 to September 2023. <br />
For additional information and responsibilities please check out my <a href="https://ahsanulbariromi.github.io/ahsanul-bari.github.io/cv/"><b>CV</b></a><br />
<br />
I have completed B.Sc. in Computer Science and Engineering from <a href="http://aust.edu/">Ahsanullah University of Science and Technology (AUST)</a>, Dhaka, Bangladesh in July, 2019. My research interests include, but are not limited to, Metaheuristic Algorithms, Data Science, Deep Learning.<br />
<br />
To highlight my leadership activities I would like to mention that I had the opportunity to serve AUST CSE Society as <b> General Secretary </b> in 2018 and later as <b> Vice President</b> in 2019.<br />
For more information, activities, and images please go through the <a href="https://ahsanulbariromi.github.io/ahsanul-bari.github.io/activities/"><b>Leadership Activities</b></a><br /></div>


## Recent News
- <span style="color:Blue"> [Oct 2024] </span> - Awarded the prestigious [Deutschland Stipendium](https://tu-dresden.de/studium/rund-ums-studium/foerderung-und-finanzierung/deutschlandstipendium) for the academic year 2024/25, a national scholarship funded by the German government and private sponsors, in recognition of academic excellence and social commitment.
- <span style="color:Blue"> [Feb 2024] </span> - Started working as Student Assistant(Web Development) in [TU Munich](https://www.tum.de/).
- <span style="color:Blue"> [Oct 2023] </span> - Moved to Germany and started MSc in [Distributed System Engineering](https://tu-dresden.de/ing/informatik/studium/studienangebot/master-studiengaenge/distributed-systems-engineering) in [TU Dresden](https://tu-dresden.de/).
- <span style="color:Blue"> [Jan 2023] </span> - Being a key member of the govt. campaign [Cashless Bangladesh, Smart Bangladesh.](https://thefinancialexpress.com.bd/economy/cashless-bd-campaign-starts-in-dhaka-1674098317)  As I have been working with the [BanglaQR](https://sslcommerz.com/bangla-qr/) project from the beginning.
- <span style="color:Blue"> [Jan 2023] </span> - Training on Money Laundering and Terrorism Funding activities Conducted by Dutch Bangla Bank Training wing.
- <span style="color:Blue"> [Oct 2022] </span> - Training on Cyber Security Awareness Conducted by Dutch Bangla Bank Training wing under the supervision of IT Security Division.
- <span style="color:Blue"> [Dec 2021] </span> - Training on IT Security & Cyber Threats organised by Dutch Bangla Bank IT Security Deivision.
- <span style="color:Blue"> [Feb 2021] </span> - Promoted to Senior Officer (Software Development), Information Technology Division, Dutch Bangla Bank.

## Recent Project Demonstrations 

<b>--> REST API using SpringBoot [October, 2022] </b>

- Simplest maven project to understand the implementation of REST API [Without any DB] [CODE_LINK](https://github.com/AhsanulBariRomi/Simple_SpringBoot_REST) <br />
- Simplest maven project to understand the implementation of REST API [With Oracle DB] [CODE_LINK](https://github.com/AhsanulBariRomi/SpringBoot_REST_withDao)

<b>--> Using JS [December, 2021] </b>

- eWallet [Demo Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RC4LydV7VXs) <br />
- TMS Prototype [Demo Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TfQlj9YMgtM) <br />
- A shop web server with nodeJS [Demo Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FJtUcVkxkIQ)

---

Commit message:

about page ICCIT paper info update

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: ""
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---
Greetings..!

<div style="text-align: justify"> 

This is Md. Ahsanul Bari (Romi). I am pursuing an M.Sc. in <a href="https://tu-dresden.de/ing/informatik/studium/studienangebot/master-studiengaenge/distributed-systems-engineering"> Distributed System Engineering</a> at <a href="https://tu-dresden.de/">Technische Universität Dresden</a> at the moment.<br /> 

Additionally employed as a Student Assistent-Web Development at <a href="https://www.mgt.tum.de/">School of Management</a>, <a href="https://www.tum.de/">Technical University of Munich</a>. <br />  
<br />
After completing B.Sc., I served the IT Development Division of <a href="https://www.dutchbanglabank.com/"> Dutch Bangla bank Ltd</a> as a Software Developer from February 2020 to September 2023. <br />
For additional information and responsibilities please check out my <a href="https://ahsanulbariromi.github.io/ahsanul-bari.github.io/cv/"><b>CV</b></a><br />
<br />
I have completed B.Sc. in Computer Science and Engineering from <a href="http://aust.edu/">Ahsanullah University of Science and Technology (AUST)</a>, Dhaka, Bangladesh in July, 2019. My research interests include, but are not limited to, Metaheuristic Algorithms, Data Science, Deep Learning.<br />
<br />
To highlight my leadership activities I would like to mention that I had the opportunity to serve AUST CSE Society as <b> General Secretary </b> in 2018 and later as <b> Vice President</b> in 2019.<br />
For more information, activities, and images please go through the <a href="https://ahsanulbariromi.github.io/ahsanul-bari.github.io/activities/"><b>Leadership Activities</b></a><br /></div>


## Recent News
- <span style="color:Blue"> [Dec 2024] </span> - During the conference, our paper presentation received the Best Technical Presentation of the Session Award. This recognition is a testament to the effort and passion my team and I have poured into our work. [Certificate](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1id8fUF_Q9R2oezZCvNZlriu2QClAgopg/view?usp=sharing) and [Presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/186U_9hK7mqkXC6YnM-4VGPZ6VWhCKdB4/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=107859767730216986960&rtpof=true&sd=true)
- <span style="color:Blue"> [Nov 2024] </span> - Our [paper](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1emhr_Nlx0Ltt_Tc648Q0ubAoxYbwJxO9/view?usp=drive_link) titled "A Case Study on Hybridizing Differential Evolution Variants in The Field of Optimization Using Benchmark Functions" was accepted at [ICCIT 2024](https://iccit.org.bd/2024/home/) – the 27th International Conference on Computer and Information Technology.
- <span style="color:Blue"> [Oct 2024] </span> - Awarded the prestigious [Deutschland Stipendium](https://tu-dresden.de/studium/rund-ums-studium/foerderung-und-finanzierung/deutschlandstipendium) for the academic year 2024/25, a national scholarship funded by the German government and private sponsors, in recognition of academic excellence and social commitment.
- <span style="color:Blue"> [Feb 2024] </span> - Started working as Student Assistant(Web Development) in [TU Munich](https://www.tum.de/).
- <span style="color:Blue"> [Oct 2023] </span> - Moved to Germany and started MSc in [Distributed System Engineering](https://tu-dresden.de/ing/informatik/studium/studienangebot/master-studiengaenge/distributed-systems-engineering) in [TU Dresden](https://tu-dresden.de/).
- <span style="color:Blue"> [Jan 2023] </span> - Being a key member of the govt. campaign [Cashless Bangladesh, Smart Bangladesh.](https://thefinancialexpress.com.bd/economy/cashless-bd-campaign-starts-in-dhaka-1674098317)  As I have been working with the [BanglaQR](https://sslcommerz.com/bangla-qr/) project from the beginning.
- <span style="color:Blue"> [Jan 2023] </span> - Training on Money Laundering and Terrorism Funding activities Conducted by Dutch Bangla Bank Training wing.
- <span style="color:Blue"> [Oct 2022] </span> - Training on Cyber Security Awareness Conducted by Dutch Bangla Bank Training wing under the supervision of IT Security Division.
- <span style="color:Blue"> [Dec 2021] </span> - Training on IT Security & Cyber Threats organised by Dutch Bangla Bank IT Security Deivision.
- <span style="color:Blue"> [Feb 2021] </span> - Promoted to Senior Officer (Software Development), Information Technology Division, Dutch Bangla Bank.

## Recent Project Demonstrations 

<b>--> REST API using SpringBoot [October, 2022] </b>

- Simplest maven project to understand the implementation of REST API [Without any DB] [CODE_LINK](https://github.com/AhsanulBariRomi/Simple_SpringBoot_REST) <br />
- Simplest maven project to understand the implementation of REST API [With Oracle DB] [CODE_LINK](https://github.com/AhsanulBariRomi/SpringBoot_REST_withDao)

<b>--> Using JS [December, 2021] </b>

- eWallet [Demo Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RC4LydV7VXs) <br />
- TMS Prototype [Demo Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TfQlj9YMgtM) <br />
- A shop web server with nodeJS [Demo Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FJtUcVkxkIQ)

---
