_pages/publications.md, before:

---
layout: archive
title: "Publications"
permalink: /publications/
author_profile: true
---

---
## 2024

---
- "A Case Study on Hybridizing Differential Evolution Variants in The Field of Optimization Using Benchmark Functions" - accepted at [ICCIT 2024](https://iccit.org.bd/2024/home/) – the 27th International Conference on Computer and Information Technology. [Paper](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1OQNXe1mXuUGVlLQHB8t3U9uB4aDYl-lQ/view?usp=sharing)  
	- Authors: **Md Ahsanul Bari**, Afrina Zahan Mithila, Mohammad Shafiul Alam  
	- The paper presentation received the Best Technical Presentation of the Session Award. [Certificate](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1id8fUF_Q9R2oezZCvNZlriu2QClAgopg/view?usp=sharing) and [Presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/186U_9hK7mqkXC6YnM-4VGPZ6VWhCKdB4/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=107859767730216986960&rtpof=true&sd=true)


## 2019

---

- Shithi Maitra, Sakib Eshrak, **Md Ahsanul Bari**, Abdullah Al-Sakin, Rubana Hossain Munia, NasrinAkter, Zabir Haque ["Prediction of Academic Performance Applying NNs: A Focus on Statistical Feature-Shedding and Lifestyle"](https://thesai.org/Publications/ViewPaper?Volume=10&Issue=9&Code=IJACSA&SerialNo=74&fbcli%20d=IwAR3aQ9_iL5p1EuzGyxrhc7l1UIgiNDBv3qUFaj5U1yPv9EoySs4ns_JoqzY) nternational Journal of Advanced Computer Science andApplications(IJACSA), Volume 10 Issue 9, 2019. <br />
  [PDF Page:571](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1p8OPmZK7htouWLerCiwfnKXS4eSUE8os/view?usp=sharing)
  
- Tahsin Aziz, Md. Rashedul Karim Chowdhury, **Md Ahsanul Bari**, Mohammad Shafiul Alam ["Adaptive Flower Pollination Algorithm: A Novel Approach for Function Optimization Problem"](https://www.caeaccess.org/archives/volume7/number32/862-2019652848) Communications on Applied Electronics, Year of Publication: 2019, Publisher: Foundation ofComputer Science (FCS), NY, USA, Series: Volume 7 -> Number 32.<br />
  [PDF](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1BkGzCPmJ8WrsU48ruNLDbtEnG3Wn9Nji/view?usp=sharing)

Commit message:

IEEE Xplore link to paper

_pages/publications.md, after:

---
layout: archive
title: "Publications"
permalink: /publications/
author_profile: true
---

---
## 2024

---
- **Md Ahsanul Bari**, Afrina Zahan Mithila, Mohammad Shafiul Alam ["A Case Study on Hybridizing Differential Evolution Variants in The Field of Optimization Using Benchmark Functions"] (https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/11022468) 2024 27th International Conference on Computer and Information Technology (ICCIT), Cox's Bazar, Bangladesh, 2024, pp. 2333-2338, doi: 10.1109/ICCIT64611.2024.11022468. [PDF](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1OQNXe1mXuUGVlLQHB8t3U9uB4aDYl-lQ/view?usp=sharing)  
	- The paper presentation received the Best Technical Presentation of the Session Award. [Certificate](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1id8fUF_Q9R2oezZCvNZlriu2QClAgopg/view?usp=sharing) and [Presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/186U_9hK7mqkXC6YnM-4VGPZ6VWhCKdB4/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=107859767730216986960&rtpof=true&sd=true)


## 2019

---

- Shithi Maitra, Sakib Eshrak, **Md Ahsanul Bari**, Abdullah Al-Sakin, Rubana Hossain Munia, NasrinAkter, Zabir Haque ["Prediction of Academic Performance Applying NNs: A Focus on Statistical Feature-Shedding and Lifestyle"](https://thesai.org/Publications/ViewPaper?Volume=10&Issue=9&Code=IJACSA&SerialNo=74&fbcli%20d=IwAR3aQ9_iL5p1EuzGyxrhc7l1UIgiNDBv3qUFaj5U1yPv9EoySs4ns_JoqzY) nternational Journal of Advanced Computer Science andApplications(IJACSA), Volume 10 Issue 9, 2019. <br />
  [PDF Page:571](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1p8OPmZK7htouWLerCiwfnKXS4eSUE8os/view?usp=sharing)
  
- Tahsin Aziz, Md. Rashedul Karim Chowdhury, **Md Ahsanul Bari**, Mohammad Shafiul Alam ["Adaptive Flower Pollination Algorithm: A Novel Approach for Function Optimization Problem"](https://www.caeaccess.org/archives/volume7/number32/862-2019652848) Communications on Applied Electronics, Year of Publication: 2019, Publisher: Foundation ofComputer Science (FCS), NY, USA, Series: Volume 7 -> Number 32.<br />
  [PDF](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1BkGzCPmJ8WrsU48ruNLDbtEnG3Wn9Nji/view?usp=sharing)
